This project was designing a program in C++ to allow users to see how compound interest can influence their initial investments. The program allows users to input an initial balance and see how much compound interest they can accumilate after a certain amount of time. They can change the time to see how that influences the compound interest. 
I think I did well with creating some of the functions. The calculateBalance function was the best one.
There were some syntax erros in my code that would have made the code run. Also, using a class would have made the code objected oriented programming and made it more secure. 
I think the code that was most difficult for me was the calculateBalance function. I think the most difficult part of the function was ensuring the math was correct. Having the math be correct for this function is just as important as having the code written correctly. The biggest tool I have been using (besides Zybooks) is w3schools.com. I used it while learning Python and Java. It is a great tool to help explain and give examples of different rules. I like that it is extra practice. They explain the concepts and give examples and then give problems to practice. 
I think one of the biggest skills from this project is patience. It is very easy to get overwhelmed and frustrated when you can't figure out the problem right away. I had to keep taking deep breaths and breaks when I was stuck on something. Taking a break and stepping away and coming back later has helped me a lot. 
I made this program maintainable by creating functions that are clearly written. I made this program readable by adding as much comments as possible and using clear names for variables and functions. It is very clear what the variables are and what the functions are doing.  
